Add Windows PL logging docs (#28668)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/_index.md

[1]: /logs/log_configuration/pipelines/#integration-pipelines
[2]: /agent/basic_agent_usage/windows/
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Windows Private Location" %}}

> To send Windows Private Location logs to Datadog, first enable agent log collection by setting `logs_enabled: true` in the Agent configuration file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to send Windows Private Location logs to Datadog:

 1. Enable Agent log collection by setting `logs_enabled: true` in the Agent configuration file. 
```

> Next, navigate to `C:\ProgramData\Datadog\conf.d` and create a folder named `synthetics_worker.d`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to `C:\ProgramData\Datadog\conf.d` and create a folder named `synthetics_worker.d`. 
```

> Inside this folder, create a file called `conf.yaml` with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Inside the `synthetics_worker.d` folder, create a file named `conf.yaml` using the following example as a template:
```

```yaml
logs:
  - type: file
    path: "C:\\Program Files\\Datadog-Synthetics\\Synthetics\\private-location-service.out.log"

>     service: private-location #Defined per user preference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    service: <YOUR_SERVICE>
```

    source: synthetics
    tags: #Defined per user preference

>       - env:prod
>       - private_location:windows-pl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - env:<YOUR_ENV>
      - private_location:<YOUR_PRIVATE_LOCATION>
```

```

> Since the Private Location installation folder is protected by admin access, the Datadog Agent needs permission to access the log file. To check the user running the Datadog Agent, press Windows key + R, search for `Run`, find the Datadog Agent, right-click it, and select `Properties`. In the `Log On` tab, verify the account (default is `ddagentuser`) and close the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Private Location installation folder is restricted to admin access, the Datadog Agent needs permission to access the log file. Follow these steps to verify the user running the Datadog Agent:

1. Press Windows key + R, and search for `Run`.
2. Find the Datadog Agent, right-click it, and select `Properties`. 
3. In the `Log On` tab, verify the account (the default is `ddagentuser`).
4. Close the window.
```

> Next, go to `C:\Program Files`, find the `synthetics_worker.d` folder, right-click it, select `Properties`, and go to the `Security` tab. Click `Edit`, add `ddagentuser`, and grant the necessary permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to grant permission to  the user running the Datadog Agent

1. Go to `C:\Program Files` and find the `synthetics_worker.d` folder.
2. Right-click the `synthetics_worker.d` folder and select `Properties`.
3. Go to the `Security` tab. 
4. Click `Edit` and add `ddagentuser`.
5. Grant the necessary permissions.
6. Restart the Datadog Agent through the Services screen or command line to apply the changes and begin sending logs to Datadog.
```

```yaml
logs:
  - type: file
    path: "C:\\Program Files\\Datadog-Synthetics\\Synthetics\\private-location-service.out.log"
    service: <YOUR_SERVICE>
    source: synthetics
    tags: #Defined per user preference
      - env:<YOUR_ENV>
      - private_location:<YOUR_PRIVATE_LOCATION>
```
Since the Private Location installation folder is restricted to admin access, the Datadog Agent needs permission to access the log file. Follow these steps to verify the user running the Datadog Agent:

1. Press Windows key + R, and search for `Run`.
2. Find the Datadog Agent, right-click it, and select `Properties`. 
3. In the `Log On` tab, verify the account (the default is `ddagentuser`).
4. Close the window.

Follow these steps to grant permission to  the user running the Datadog Agent

1. Go to `C:\Program Files` and find the `synthetics_worker.d` folder.
2. Right-click the `synthetics_worker.d` folder and select `Properties`.
3. Go to the `Security` tab. 
4. Click `Edit` and add `ddagentuser`.
5. Grant the necessary permissions.
6. Restart the Datadog Agent through the Services screen or command line to apply the changes and begin sending logs to Datadog.

> 
> Finally, restart the Datadog Agent either through the Services screen or command line to apply the changes and begin sending logs to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
